---
title: 2024 Sec 1 Registration & Appeals
permalink: /admissions/2024-sec1-registration/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h4><strong>Secondary 1 Information Portal</strong></h4><p>For registration &amp; posting matters, please access the Secondary 1 Information Portal at: <strong><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://sites.google.com/moe.edu.sg/zhonghuasec1infoportal</a></strong></p><p><u>For students in Posting Group 3:</u><br>There will be a <strong>briefing via Zoom</strong> on 21 Dec.<br>Details are available in the Secondary 1 Information Portal.</p><p></p><p><u>For students in Posting Group 1 &amp; 2:</u><br>There will be a <strong>face-to-face briefing in Zhonghua Secondary</strong> School on 21 Dec. <br>Details are available in the Secondary 1 Information Portal.</p><p></p><h4><strong>Appeals &amp; Transfers</strong></h4><p>If you have not been posted to Zhonghua Secondary School, you can submit your appeal via the link: <a href="https://go.gov.sg/zhssappeal2024" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://go.gov.sg/zhssappeal2024</a></p><p>For an appeal to be considered, you must first meet the cut-off point for the 2024 Secondary 1 cohort. Your child must also not have been posted to his/her current school via DSA. Due to the number of appeals we anticipate, we regret to inform that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</p><p></p><p><u>AL Cut-Off for 2024 Secondary 1 Cohort</u><br>Posting Group 3 – AL 13<br>Posting Group 2 – AL 23<br>Posting Group 1 – AL 27</p><p></p><h4>Malay Special Programme</h4><p><strong><u>Registration for Successful MSP Applicants in Zhonghua Sec</u></strong></p><p>We will commence online registration for the Malay (Special Programme) on <strong>21 December 2023</strong>. The form will remain active from <strong>21 December 2023 (7.00am)</strong> to <strong>4 January 2024 (5.00pm)</strong>.</p><p><strong><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://go.gov.sg/zhonghua2024</a></strong></p><p>Do take note of the following:</p><p>(i) If successful applicants do not register by 4 January 2024, the offer will lapse, and the place will be offered to another applicant.</p><p>(ii) Sec 1 MSP lessons in Zhonghua Secondary are held <strong>every Friday, 3.00pm to 6.00pm</strong>. Lessons will commence on 19 January 2024 (Term 1, Week 3)</p><p>(iii) More details on class venue and purchase of books will be provided through email to parents. Please provide a valid email address in the registration form. </p><p></p><p><strong><u>Appeal for MSP (for students from other Secondary Schools)</u></strong><br>If you did not submit an application for MSP earlier, and if you are still keen to register for MSP, please contact your child’s posted secondary school’s MTL HOD.</p><p></p>